[HANYUU]
I see.
A tragedy must have occurred.
You know there's no other
reason I would be here.
And I'm sure
I'm going to be sick
of seeing your face
in no time at all.
[HANYUU gasps]
Who killed you?
Was it Takano
or the Mountain Dogs?
I couldn't tell you.
My memories end hours
before my death.
I don't know how it ended.
But neither is likely.
[chuckles bitterly]
I remember running out of the
classroom, hellbent on dying.
Either by slitting my throat
or by throwing myself
into the river to drown.
Why was that?
What happened in that fragment?
It pains me to ask you
to recall these memories.
But as I'm trapped in
this insubstantial form,
I can't look into
the fragments myself,
to say nothing of entering them.
Even so,
if we're able to
discuss everything,
it could bring us closer to
understanding your situation.
I think Keiichi and Rena.
They grew paranoid
and killed each other.
It seems they both suffered from
late‐stage Hinamizawa Syndrome.
How awful.
It must have been unbearable
for Keiichi and Rena both,
and for your heart
to endure such loss.
It was.
And the shock made
the pain so much worse.
I thought my words
would let Keiichi hold
onto his sanity, this time.
I was a fool to put
so much faith in them.
[HANYUU] You mustn't blame
yourself for their suffering.
You bear the scars of
a century‐long ordeal.
They may fade,
and the pain may grow dull,
but they are with
you nevertheless.
[RIKA] I understand that
better than you could know,
but even still, people aren't
able to live without hope.
So, I refuse to
give in to despair.
Why should this failure change
that, after all the rest?
Please forgive me.
Huh?
[RIKA]
I said something cruel to you,
but you responded with kindness.
Thank you for putting
my heart more at ease, Hanyuu.
I shouldn't have said
I'd grow sick of your face.
That was wrong.
Forgive me.
Rika, you'll surely
make it through this.
Just as you did before,
you will bring about
the miracle that you need.
Without fail.
Of course, her spirit
won't be easily broken,
after enduring those
lifetimes' worth of pain.
It's strange.
My neck still hurts even now.
It's only a memory,
but I can feel it.
The wound is gone, but even so,
the sensation of a blade
slicing into my throat remains.
It's unpleasant.
Such is the potency of my gift,
that the memory is
strong enough to be felt
even within this realm.
If you'd prefer,
I could weaken it in such a way
as to relieve you
of your memories,
as does the gift bestowed
by that failure unto the cat.
[SATOKO chuckles] You can't
take my grousing seriously, Eua.
It's a grand gift and it
was beyond generous of you
to give it to me at all.
You've done more than enough.
If the cat's death within
a fragment precedes yours,
upon departing
from that fragment,
you shall follow her
consciousness on into the next.
That's right and I'm not
letting her out of my sight.
Considering their
history, I suspect Rika's
still under the impression
this is Takano's doing.
[EUA]
Likely.
The cat knew just
enough of Keiichi's fate
in the last fragment to liken
it to one she'd seen before.
One in which he succumbed
to the syndrome.
That's certainly
unfortunate, Rika.
Your century of experience
will do nothing to help you
in the worlds that lie ahead,
where the curse haunting
you is under my control!
[EUA laughs]
You use my gift well.
Truly, the amusement
is unending.
I am most eager
to see how you plan
to entertain me next,
child of man.
Oh, good morning, Satoko.
And a lovely morning to you.
Goodness, it doesn't look like
you got a restful night's sleep.
I just woke up from
the most awful dream.
Everything's still
a little bit foggy.
Well, I'm sorry
to hear about that.
And what was this dream about?
I can't really
remember any of it,
but there's no reason I should
let a bad dream ruin my day!
Ni‐pa!
Honestly, trying to
play it off as a bad dream?
Who do you think you're fooling?
Although, to your credit,
you've gotten quite
proficient with a kitchen knife.
Still, for my purposes,
I'd prefer to employ a more
pleasant method from here out.
I told you to piss off,
you bloodsucking bitch!
Uh, Satoko?
[SATOKO]
How are you, Uncle?
That wasn't at you!
When I heard you knockin',
I thought my asshole
landlady had come back.
I never expected you
to show up here!
If I knew it was you,
I wouldn't've been all snarlin'
and yellin' like I was.
I'd greet ya with a smile!
I believe you, Uncle, and
I suppose I can forgive you.
[TEPPEI]
Uh... Just like that?
Well... Hey, I don't wanna keep
you standing out there!
Come in and have, uh...
Yeah. Probably better
if we go somewhere else.
We could grab you something
sweet at the cafe if you want.
Well, that's very
generous of you to offer,
but I would prefer not to.
Jeez, I'm real
sorry about all this.
I'm not trying
to waste your time,
but I haven't got a clue
what a girl your age
would wanna do for fun.
That's not an issue.
All I really need from
you is a simple favor.
Yeah, of course!
I'll be happy to do anything
I can to help you out.
You just say the word
and it's done!
There's a certain special place
you're quite familiar with.
I'd like to go,
but I can't get in by myself.
Huh?
[TEPPEI]
Yeah, that's the way!
Stay right on his tail!
[ANNOUNCER] Leading
the pack with room to spare.
Wanyan Daio is
running away with it!
But wait!
Cheshire Cat Munchy, coming
around wide, closing the gap!
Wanyan Daio and Cheshire Cat
Munchy, neck and neck!
Let's go!
[ANNOUNCER]
Wanyan Daio takes it
with Cheshire Cat
Munchy close behind!
[TEPPEI]
Hell yeah!
We're rich!
Three‐eighty to one!
Three hundred eighty
to friggin' one!
Holy crap!
Satoko!
You absolutely nailed it, kiddo!
It's like you're my own
goddess of good luck!
Uncle, please!
Ah! Sorry, I freaked out
a little bit there.
There's a catch to my magic.
It only works once.
Now can we head home, please?
Wait a second, Satoko!
[TEPPEI hums]
[giggles]
[SATOKO]
This is utterly unbelievable.
Why do men seem
to find cleaning a house
so much more objectionable
than living in their own filth?
[TEPPEI]
Yeah, I'm not proud.
[SATOKO] I'm going to need
you to clean up all the trash
in this room, Uncle.
Right now, there's
not even space to sit
and your futon still being
laid out doesn't help matters.
Well, I'd end up
getting it back out anyway‐‐
Please repeat that?
Uh. Nothing, I'm on it.
Look, Satoko.
I've been givin'
it a lot of thought.
It only seems right
that you get half the cash.
Hell, half and a little extra.
This will be as much as I need
and that's all I intend to take.
The rest is yours
to do with as you see fit.
But you're the only
reason I won, though!
[SATOKO] You were the one who
put money on the line, not me.
I was barely involved.
All I did was tell you
the name of some horse
that appeared in a dream I had.
Uh, Satoko. I owe you
so much for this!
Now's hardly the time
to bow your head.
[TEPPEI]
Huh?
You came into a
pretty big windfall today.
So that seems like
a reason to celebrate.
Man, I want to,
but I don't think
my doctor would approve.
I'm sure just one little drink
isn't enough to do you any harm.
Why not enjoy yourself?
Ya know what?
I should enjoy myself.
What's one drink?
And of course, I'll enjoy
something a little softer.
[sighs] Goddamn, I can't even
remember being this happy.
[burps]
And my niece came home.
Who woulda called that
'cause it sure ain't me!
No way in hell.
I'm sorry.
You're such a sweet kid.
You didn't deserve to get stuck
with an asshole like me!
That's in the past, Uncle.
Your apology is
good enough for me.
[TEPPEI]
Not for me, it's not!
From now on,
I gotta keep you safe,
the way I always shoulda
done from the beginning!
While I appreciate the thought,
I can't help but
harbor some concerns.
[TEPPEI]
Huh?
Well, I remember
you being friends
with some very frightening men,
and I'm afraid one of them
could show up again.
Yeah, I get that.
I used to run with a nasty crowd
back in the bad old days,
but I swear, I don't even
know 'em anymore!
So, you couldn't get in touch
with them if you wanted?
My old address book's
around somewhere, I guess.
That's scary enough on its own!
Uncle, couldn't
you get in trouble
if somebody found
your address book?
Nah, my ass is covered, kiddo.
I never woulda written
down their real names.
Bad guys never write down
each other's real names
in case the cops
come snoopin' around.
Thanks for sharing
your wisdom, Uncle.
I'd love to hear
about these fake names.
I hope you'll indulge me
for just a moment.
Was there a name you
would call if you needed
to acquire certain
dangerous goods
that are hard
to find in this country?
[DRIVER]
Hmm?
Slow down, kid.
Sorry, but your daddy
parked somewhere else.
And here I was sure
I'd knocked on your door
the way you specified.
Did you open it
out of curiosity?
I'm not gonna make anything
outta this, little girl.
But you oughta run like hell
from whoever sent you my way.
I brought the
full amount in cash.
Listen.
There has to be trust
between a buyer and seller
for this kind of
transaction to happen.
Some mystery kid hops in my car
and starts throwing
money around.
there better be enough
to cover the purchase price
and establish trust.
If you're quite finished,
would you please
count the money,
so we can both be on our way?
[gasps]
Whoa, holy shit.
For real?
That's a hell of a wad
you're throwing around.
I thought I'd bring extra.
Like you said it's an excellent
way to establish trust.
Understood.
That's a good enough answer
for anything I could've asked.
Payment's been rendered in full,
so here's the deliverables.
Take good care of her.
[SATOKO]
Perfect.
Pleasure doing
business with you.
So, does your boss actually know
how to use one of those things?
'Cause the price didn't
include any shooting lessons.
That part is covered.
Huh? You wanna
learn how to shoot?
I do, and I figured you might
have some knowledge to offer.
Oh, you'd better believe I do!
Your old Uncle Mion has even
had some firearms training
with a former soldier
from overseas.
I was thinking that learning
how to use another weapon
might come in handy in the
future as a member of our club!
[MION]
Hmm...
You know, I've been
thinking about putting on
a giant water gun battle
with the club for a while now.
Let's do it!
What is that?
This is your new
training weapon.
That was just sad,
but this model gun
certainly feels well crafted.
Yeah, for sure!
It was a custom job,
built heavy enough
to feel exactly like the
real thing in your hands.
Of course, you're that good.
Honestly, my skill's
not anything special.
The only reason that
I've gotten this good
is because I've been
practicing for so long.
Practice makes
perfect, after all!
Lovely.
I happen to be quite
good at practicing.
Not to worry.
I know my way around
a gun well enough.
[phone rings]
Who is it?
[RENA giggles]
Good morning, Satoko!
Were you asleep?
Were you?
Oh, hi, Rena.
Pardon me, but why are
you calling this early?
[MION]
Good morning, Satoko!
[SATOKO]
Mion is there, too?
Then that must mean...
[MION]
You got it!
Now, grab Rika and
meet us in Okinomiya!
You're gonna be
joining us, right?
[SATOKO] I wouldn't
miss it for the world!
The day's come,
prepare to be destroyed!
[RIKA] Today is sure
to be a fierce battle!
And I hear that Mion is
even putting up a cash prize
for the final event!
A big one. Fifty thousand yen!
Huh? I don't even
know what I'd do
with that kind of
money if I had it!
[SATOKO]
You're finally here!
We've been waiting patiently!
Good morning.
Glad to see you made it.
You too!
What's on the agenda today?
Hold on.
You mean this is where
we'll be having club?
Yeah, the shop sets up
tournaments now and then
to show off the products
and get new customers.
A tournament.
So now you're telling me
I'm gonna be playing
against everybody else
in the whole shop?
Exactly!
Today's club meeting is
special 'cause there's more
than just the five of us
competing this time around!
That's special, huh?
It's definitely
more people to beat!
Get ready, Kei.
You're gonna have
tons of fun today!
Wha‐‐? You got your
money back already?!
Awoo!
All of these cards are so cute!
I need them.
I'll take them home with me!
[RIKA]
Oh gosh.
I've never played this
fishing game before.
I hope you can go easy on me.
Don't you worry about that!
We would be more than happy
to show you the ropes, Rika!
This old fart's about
to teach you boys
a lesson you're
not gonna forget.
Pick whichever game you
think you're good at.
'Cause I'm gonna show
you how wrong you are.
[SATOKO] To be honest, I can't
even recall how many times
I'd beaten you two before
I stopped counting.
[GAMER B] I don't think we've
ever met before today, have we?
[SATOKO]
Heh.
I remember each one
of these cards.
[GAMER B]
What are you, psychic?
[SATOKO chortles]
Good game, boys, but in
the end, victory is mine!
You've been outplayed.
Wha‐‐? Seriously?
You got through
your group already?
Well done, Satoko.
I see you've made your
way to the finals as well.
No way, Mion, too?
How'd that happen?
So that's dealt with,
what do you say we step out
for a quick cup of tea?
The others should be finished
by the time we get back.
Ooh. Good idea!
[MION] Hmm...
Which drink do I want?
This one!
I've had a thought, Eua.
What is that?
In all the worlds
I've lived through,
Mion has never once been
consumed by Hinamizawa Syndrome.
Indeed, not one time.
Typically, the paranoia
manifests in carriers
when their physical distance
from the queen is too great.
Or it can be a stress
response to some mental
or emotional trigger
in their lives.
Mion can come off very
emotional and impulsive,
but she's actually
quite rational,
which might protect her
from the syndrome.
Or perhaps her position
as heir apparent
to the Sonozaki clan
bolsters her resolve enough
that she's always able
to cling to sanity.
Either way, I can't help
wondering what would happen
if the paranoia claimed her‐‐
what she'd do if she had
Hinamizawa Syndrome.
And I'm quite eager to find out.
[MION]
Sorry, everyone.
I'll make it up to
you next time, promise!
I suppose we'll simply
have to find the time
to settle this later, then!
You kids made the shop
a lot of money today!
Here, take these
as a "thank you."
Hold on a minute.
I helped out, too.
Where's mine?
I'll give you a big tip the
next time I see you at work.
[groans]
Really?
Well, hello there!
I got a new penguin friend!
Oh my gosh can I actually
take this home?
So, is mine cute too?
[RENA]
Aww!
It's so cute!
[laughs]
What's wrong, Kei,
don't you wanna take it home
and play house with it?
It is pretty cute, honestly.
Just not exactly what I'm into.
And if you keep it,
folks in town
are gonna start talking about
the weird kid with the doll.
Yeah, good point.
This would be wasted on me.
Hmmm...
Keiichi.
That could be a
good gift for someone
and if you give it out of
the goodness of your heart,
I know anybody here would
be happy to accept it!
You should have this, Mion.
I think it suits
you much better.
You, wha‐‐?
Oh, no, I'm not really into
all that girly‐girl stuff!
Sometimes it's like I was
supposed to end up a guy,
but the wrong box got
checked or something!
Seriously, just take it!
Jeez. Thank you.
I think that's for the best.
Keiichi may have won her,
but she's better off with you.
[RIKA] Next time:
Wataakashi‐hen, Part Two.